OPACITY AND ALPHA CHANNEL
rgba
    red
    green
    blue
    alpha
        how transparent a color is
Alpha goes from 0 to 1, not 0-255 like the other channels
Alpha also exists for hex rather than rgb.
    In that case, hex goes from:
        #00ccff
    to:
        #00ccff00  (fully transparent)
        #00ccffff  (fully solid)
    So it simply adds 2 digits to the end that go from 00 to FF.

opacity
    Governs the entire elements transparency
    Including all child elements
    Also goes from 0 to 1

POSITION
Sets how an element is positioned in a document
The top, right, bottom, and left properties determine the final location of
    positioned elements.
static
    The element is poitioned according to the normal flow of the document.
    top, right, bottom, left, and z-index properties have no effect.
    This is the default value.
relative
    The element is positioned to the normal flow of the document, and then
        offset relative to itself based on top, right, bottom, and left.
    The offset does not affect the position of any other elements.
    Thus, the space given for the element for the element in the page layout
        is the same as if position were static.
        In other words, the visual part of the element will move to the offset
            location, but it's as if the element were still there as far as
            everything else is concerned.
        Only the visual moves.
    Creates a new stacking context when the value of z-index is not auto.
absolute
    The element is removed from the normal document flow. No space is created
        for the element in the page layout.
    It is positioned relative to its closest positioned ancestor, if any.
    Otherwise, it is placed relative to the initial containing block.
        So, if it's in an element with a 'position' value defined, absolute
            will be positioned in relation to that.
        Otherwise it will be relative to the <body> (or some other parent that
            also has a position)
    Its final position is determined by the values of top, right, bottom, left.
fixed
    Like absolute, except it's relative it stays in the same position on the
        viewport even when scrolling.
    Its initial position is relative to the closest positioned ancestor when
        loaded, but then stays in that spot as the page scrolls.
sticky
    Like fixed, except as the page scrolls it will change position. But then
        as it reaches the top of the viewport when scrolling down, it will
        become fixed so the user will keep seeing it.

TRANSITIONS
Kinda like a keyframe. You can set a color and shape to one thing, give it
    a "transition: 1s;" and then set the hover setting to a different color
    and shape, and when moused-over it will transition smoothly to the hover
    settings.
You can set (in this order):
    Property Name
    Duration
    Timing Function
    Delay
Example:
    transition: background-color 1s ease-in 2s;

TRANSFORMS
Used to scale, rotate, skew, and otherwise manipulate elements
Rotate
    Measurements are:
        deg
            Degrees
            One full circle is 360deg
            Examples: 0deg, 90deg, 14.23deg
        grad
            Gradians
            One full circle is 400grad
            Examples: 0grad, 100grad, 38.8grad
        rad
            Radians
            One full circle is 2pi which approximates to 6.2832rad
            1rad is 180/pi degrees
            Examples 0rad, 1.0843rad, 6.1234rad
        turn
            Turns
            One full circle is 1turn
            Examples: 0turn, .25turn, 1.2turn
Transform-origin
    You can change the anchor point for the rotation.
    This is called transform-origin.
    Examples:
        transform-origin: top left;
        transform-origin: bottom right 60px;
        transform-origin: 50px 50px;